Helm ingress support (#229)
PrefectHQ/server: helm/prefect-server/README.md

SET TIME ZONE 'UTC';
```

### Ingress

> If you have Ingress controller configured you might prefer to expose ouside traffic to services using Ingress rules.
> 
> Ingress rule creation is suported for `ui` and `apollo` components of this chart.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ingress rule creation is suported for `ui` and `apollo` components of this chart. You must have an `Ingress controller` (i.e. nginx) installed to your cluster and configured independently of this chart.
```

> To create an Ingress rule resource set `service.type: ClusterIP` of the coresponding component and enable Ingress by setting `ingress.enables: true` and configuring list of hosts `ingress.hosts`. See configuration example in `values.yaml` file.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an Ingress rule for a component,
1. Disable direct service access by setting `<component>.service.type` to `ClusterIP` instead of `LoadBalancer`
2. Enable the `Ingress` by setting `<component>.ingress.enabled` to `true`
3. Configuring the list of hosts at `<component>.ingress.hosts` to include your domains. _There is an example in values.yaml_ 
```

Created component Ingress rules will be automatically configured to forward traffic from specified hosts to coresponding services.

> You can secure an Ingress by specifying a Secret that contains a TLS private key and certificate. For information how to create that secret refere to [official Kubernetes documentation - Ingress tls](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/#tls).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can secure an Ingress by specifying a `Secret` that contains a TLS private key and certificate. For information how to setup the secret, refer to the [Ingress section of the official Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/#tls).
```
